h1. okhover by OKFocus

p. Okhover is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to reproduce the fade effect seen on the "OKFocus website":http://okfoc.us. It uses HTML5 data attributes and is designed to be simple yet highly customizable.

h3. Requirements

p. The only real techincal requirement besides jQuery itself, is declaring the HMTL5 content type for your web application. This is achieved by making sure the first line of your HTML is @<!doctype html>@. This ensure's that using data attributes will be considered valid markup by browsers.

h3. Usage

p. For a simple example, consider this snippet of code:

<code>

<ul>
  <li data-okimage='http://example.com/path/to/an/image.gif'>
    <a href='#'>I'm a link</a>
  </li>
</ul>
        
</code>

p. The above will have no visible effect. To achive the hovering effect, you'll have to include this javascript.

<code>
<script>
  $(document).ready(function(){
      $('li').okhover();  
  });
</script>
</code>

p. When you hover on an @<li>@, you'll now see the okhover effect in action. The data attribute @data-image@ is a reference to the image that will appear tiled in the background.

h3. Options

p. The following options are available to you:

* fadeIn - A boolean that controls if the background image will fade in. Defaults to false.
* fadeOut - A boolean that controls if the background image will fade out. Defaults to false.
* fadeInDuration - A number that controls how long the fade-in will be (in milliseconds). Defaults to 400 milliseconds.
* fadeOutDuration - A number that controls how long the fade-in will be (in milliseconds). Defaults to 400 milliseconds.
* zIndex - A number that controls the z-index of the background div. Defaults to -1.

p. Here's an example with a lot of options:

<code>
<script>
  $(document).ready(function(){
      $('li').okhover({
          fadeIn: true,
          fadeOut: true,
          fadeInDuration: 2000,
          zIndex: 420
      });  
  });
</script>
</code>

h4. License

p. Copyright (c) 2011 OKFocus, http://okfoc.us

p. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

p. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

p. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.